Who is the Prime Minister of the UK?
fails on DBpedia data

Where was Tom Cruise born?
ok. (1st query)

When was Microsoft founded?
ok. (2nd query)

When was Apple founded?
fails. Apple -> "Apple Inc." The first won't match, the latter won't parse.

Through which countries runs the Rhine?
fails. Can't deterime topic? I fail.

Which rivers flow through France?
ok. (1st query) (ok-ish, flow through is translated as an unkown relation to France.)

Which rivers do not flow through France?
ok. (1st query) (same 'but' as above. Slow, wwaay too many rivers on this world.)

Which countries do not border Mexico?
fails. (Data not easily accessible on Wikipedia)

Which songs by the beatles were not played on radio?
fails due to my hints that 'plays' means 'starring in'. Otherwise pretty ok. Oh, and well missing data on wikipedia.

What is the largest mammal?
fails. Doesn't now how to express largest.

Which band sold the most records?
fails. Data is probably aggregated and prolog tries to count all the records.

Which country is bigger, Canada or China?
fails. DRS cannot be handled by Prolog program.

Who has directed the most movies starring Johnny Depp?
ok. (1st query) Both Gore Verbinski (6) and Tim Burton (6) win.

Name all German film directors.
fails. Doesn't now how to handle adverb German. Lists all film directors (also Germans ;) 

List all states of America.
fails. Data not expressed on DBpedia as expected by Prolog.

List all actors that played in a movie with Kevin Bacon.
fails. Doesn't know what to do with 'with'.

List all actors that played in a movie starring Kevin Bacon.
fails. Looks for things of the type dbpediaowl:Actor. If it had looked for Person, it would have succeeeded.

Where did the wife of Barack Obama graduate?
fails. Data not expressed on DBpedia as expected by Prolog. Also, Prolog can't cobine Barack Obama in one label.

How many inhabitants does the country that borders Mexico and Canada have?
fails. Prolog cannot convert. Anyways, it would fail on "borders" again.

Where was the inventor of the microwave born?
fails. Data not expressed as.. It searches for a resource with the type Inventor and with the type Microwave.

Who directed the most movies and won an Oscar?
fails probably on expecting Oscar to be a resource while it is the name of a property (it it exists at all)



